Adjust pull-from-upstream docs to non-git upstreams support (#921)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/downstream_configuration_template.md

# See the documentation for more information:
# https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/

# TODO optionally fill in the URL to the upstream Git repo (one that can be passed to anonymous `git clone`)
# this can be omitted, but in that case there will be no interaction with the upstream repo (no cloning)
#upstream_project_url: https://github.com/<upstream-repository>

# TODO optionally uncomment and fill in the URL of repository where you want to be notified via issues about errors
#issue_repository: https://github.com/<my-repo-for-issues>

> # TODO unless upstream tags match the version strings or upstream_project_url is not configured, 
> # you need to uncomment this and adjust the template to match the upstream tag format

Reviewer: Not sure if it's me, but the negative info with ANDs and ORs makes it a bit confusing.

```suggestion
# TODO uncomment and adjust the template if the upstream tags do not match the version strings.
# (Only relevant if your upstream project is a git repository (= `upstream_project_url` is set).
```
